fix(k8s): add a way to synchronize client workload scheduling (#1973)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/how-to/use-nvidia-gpu-operator.mdx

Replace the existing nodes of your pool to deploy the GPU operator on your existing pools.

<Message type="important">

>     The GPU Operator will install the drivers very soon *after* node creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The GPU Operator installs the drivers shortly *after* node creation.
```

</Message>

> Beware if your workload immediately schedules on it, it will miss essential components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if your workload immediately schedules on it, it will miss essential components.
```
